Add API to calculate signer ID (#2986)
openenclave/openenclave: CHANGELOG.md

[Unreleased][Unreleased_log]
--------------

### Added

> - Added `oe_sgx_get_signer_id_from_public_key()` function which helps verifying the signer ID of an attestation report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `oe_sgx_get_signer_id_from_public_key()` function which helps a verifier of SGX reports extract the expected MRSIGNER value from the signer's public key PEM certificate. 
```
